README.md, before:

# Cyclistic-Bike-Share-Data-Analysis



## Introduction
Welcome to the Cyclistic Bike-Share Analysis Case Study! In this case study, the task is to explore historical bike trip data to understand how casual riders and annual members use Cyclistic bikes differently. The company aims to increase the number of annual memberships, as they are more profitable than casual rides. The marketing team seeks to identify trends and behaviors that can inform a strategy to convert casual riders—who currently use single-ride or full-day passes—into annual members. This analysis will uncover key insights into rider behavior and provide data-backed recommendations to shape future marketing campaigns, ultimately answering the question: **How do annual members and casual riders use Cyclistic bikes differently?**

## Data Description
Datasets used [Divvy 2019 Q1](Datasets/Divvy_Trips_2019_Q1.csv) and [Divvy 2020 Q1](Datasets/Divvy_Trips_2020_Q1.csv)
Number of rows for the combined dataset was 791,956
Trips by casual riders: 71643, members: 720313

## Data Preprocessing

## Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA)

## Conclusion

Commit message:

add data description to the README

README.md, after:

# Cyclistic-Bike-Share-Data-Analysis



## Introduction
Welcome to the Cyclistic Bike-Share Analysis Case Study! In this case study, the task is to explore historical bike trip data to understand how casual riders and annual members use Cyclistic bikes differently. The company aims to increase the number of annual memberships, as they are more profitable than casual rides. The marketing team seeks to identify trends and behaviors that can inform a strategy to convert casual riders—who currently use single-ride or full-day passes—into annual members. This analysis will uncover key insights into rider behavior and provide data-backed recommendations to shape future marketing campaigns, ultimately answering the question: **How do annual members and casual riders use Cyclistic bikes differently?**

## Data Description
This analysis uses Cyclistic's historical bike trip data, which includes detailed information on bike rentals to compare the behavior of annual members and casual riders. The dataset contains the following key columns:


Datasets used [Divvy 2019 Q1](Datasets/Divvy_Trips_2019_Q1.csv) and [Divvy 2020 Q1](Datasets/Divvy_Trips_2020_Q1.csv)
Number of rows for the combined dataset was 791,956
Trips by casual riders: 71643, members: 720313

## Data Preprocessing

## Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA)

## Conclusion
